Added Redash queries & dashboard migration functions (#1532)
databrickslabs/ucx: README.md

[[back to top](#databricks-labs-ucx)]

## `migrate-dbsql-dashboards` command

```text
databricks labs ucx migrate-dbsql-dashboards [--dashboard-id <dashboard-id>]
```

**(Experimental)** Once [table migration](#table-migration-workflow) is complete, you can run this command to 

> migrate all Databricks SQL dashboards in the workspace. This command is highly experimental and at the moment discards
> formatting during the automated transformation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
migrate all Databricks SQL dashboards in the workspace. At this moment, this command is highly experimental and discards
formatting during the automated transformation process.
```

This command tags dashboards & queries that have been migrated with `migrated by UCX` tag. The original queries are

> also backed up in the ucx installation folder, to allow for easy rollback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
backed up in the ucx installation folder, to allow for automated rollback (see [#`revert-dbsql-dashboards` command])
```

Reviewer: check if the link works
